DOCSP-45301 -- Add checklist and examples for converting from official image to local dev image (#783)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/atlas-cli-deploy-docker.txt

.. _convert-to-local-dev:

Convert Official Image to an Atlas Local Dev Implementation
-----------------------------------------------------------

If you have an existing |service| implementation running in Docker Compose that 
you have built with the official `mongo <https://hub.docker.com/_/mongo>`__ Docker 
image, you can refer to the following checklist to simplify converting it to 
the `mongodb-atlas-local <https://hub.docker.com/r/mongodb/mongodb-atlas-local>`__ image.

1. Remove any existing ``command`` from your ``docker-compose.yaml`` file. Because 
   the ``comand`` in a Docker Compose definition overrides the ``ENTRYPOINT`` 
   defined in the ``mongodb-atlas-local`` image, you must remove any existing 
   ``command`` for the ``mongodb-atlas-local`` image to run as designed. 

2. There is no need to define a health check for the Atlas deployment, as this 
   feature is built in to the ``mongodb-atlas-local`` image. 

Example Docker Compose Updates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following examples illustrate the likely required changes to your Docker 
Compose YAML file:

.. code-block:: yaml

>    self_built_atlas_implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
services:
   self_built_atlas_implementation:
```

     image: mongo:8.0
     ports:
       - 27017:27017
     command: ["./entrypoint.sh"]  # You may have defined a health check for the database in the entrypoint script.

.. code-block:: yaml

>    local_dev_atlas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
services:
   local_dev_atlas:
```

>      image: mongodb/mongodb-atlas-local:latest

Reviewer: we are missing
```suggestion
     image: mongodb/mongodb-atlas-local:latest
     hostname: local_dev_atlas
```

            sudo dpkg -i mongosh.deb
            mongosh --version
        - run: mongosh 'mongodb://localhost/?directConnection=true' --eval 'show dbs'

> .. _convert-to-local-dev:

Reviewer: It would be nice to link to the docker hub links, the `mongo:8.0` links to https://hub.docker.com/_/mongo and our image to https://hub.docker.com/r/mongodb/mongodb-atlas-local

> Convert Official Image to an Atlas Local Dev Implementation

Reviewer: I think the feature is being called "Local Atlas Deployment" in https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/current/atlas-cli-deploy-local/
```suggestion
Convert Official Image to a Local Atlas Deployment
```

-----------------------------------------------------------

If you have an existing |service| implementation running in Docker Compose that 
you have built with the official `mongo <https://hub.docker.com/_/mongo>`__ Docker 
image, you can refer to the following checklist to simplify converting it to 
the `mongodb-atlas-local <https://hub.docker.com/r/mongodb/mongodb-atlas-local>`__ image.

1. Remove any existing ``command`` from your ``docker-compose.yaml`` file. Because 

>    the ``comand`` in a Docker Compose definition overrides the ``ENTRYPOINT`` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   the ``command`` in a Docker Compose definition overrides the ``ENTRYPOINT`` 
```

   defined in the ``mongodb-atlas-local`` image, you must remove any existing 
   ``command`` for the ``mongodb-atlas-local`` image to run as designed. 

> 2. There is no need to define a health check for the Atlas deployment, as this 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. There is no need to define a health check for the |service| deployment, as this 
```

   feature is built in to the ``mongodb-atlas-local`` image. 

Example Docker Compose Updates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following examples illustrate the likely required changes to your Docker 
Compose YAML file:

.. code-block:: yaml

   services:
     self_built_atlas_implementation:
       image: mongo:8.0
       ports:
         - 27017:27017
       command: ["./entrypoint.sh"]  # You may have defined a health check for the database in the entrypoint script.

.. code-block:: yaml

   services:
     local_dev_atlas:

>        image: mongodb/mongodb-atlas-local:latest

Reviewer: nitpick: you can use same mongodb version here as well
```suggestion
       image: mongodb/mongodb-atlas-local:8.0
```
